Task1:
Cucumber


Task2:
Tools 
1. TestProject

TestProject is the world's first free cloud-based, a community-powered test automation platform that enables users to test Web, Android and iOS applications on all operating systems, effortlessly. Easily collaborate with your team using Selenium and Appium to ensure quality with speed. Use advanced built-in recording capabilities, create and use addons (automation actions shared by the entire community), or develop coded tests using TestProject's powerful SDK, all completely for FREE!

    No complex setups or configurations
    No coding skills required to get started
    Share and reuse addons with your team and the entire community
    Detailed report dashboards
    Seamless integrations with your CI/CD workflow

Open-source


2. Appium 

This is a no-brainer when it comes to choosing a testing tool for mobile application projects. As one of the most-searched mobile app testing tools, Appium has long been the leading software in the mobile testing industry.

Highlighted features:

    Appium is a free, open-source mobile testing tool that supports a wide range of languages, test frameworks, and OS.
    It offers various integrations with third-party tools, enabling cross-platform testing using the same API, and tests reusability between iOS, Android, and Windows.
    Support all kinds of apps, making it among the most robust and flexible mobile testing tools.

In conjunction with its advanced features, Appium requires extensive coding experience to create tests, which can be problematic when users require training before use. There’s no official support but rather a community of users sharing information.

Website: http://appium.io/

Price: Open-source

3. TestComplete

TestComplete is an AI-integrated automated testing tool for UI tests in web, desktop, and mobile applications. Aside from some difficulties in updating test cases, this tool is flexible and easy-to-use with the options of both script and scriptless test generation.

Highlighted features:

    Supports multiple programming languages (Python, JScript, VBScript, or JavaScript), multiple mobile platforms (iOS, Android), and third-party tools (Jenkins, GIT, etc. ).
    For mobile app testing, TestComplete allows testing on both native and hybrid mobile apps on emulators, real devices or virtual machines.
    User-friendly UI with supportive documents and customer services.
    Use artificial intelligence to run the object recognition engine to speed up the creating and maintaining process.
    View quality report and test analysis.

Website: https://smartbear.com/product/testcomplete/overview/

Price: From $6,095 to $9,479 per year



CI???



Task3:

