Task2: Tools
1. TestProject
2. Appium 
3. TestComplete


1. TestProject: TestProject is Open-source, cloud-based, a community-powered  test automation platform that enables users to test Web, Android and iOS applications on all operating systems. Easily collaborate with your team using Selenium and Appium to ensure quality with speed. 

2. Appium: This is a no-brainer when it comes to choosing a testing tool for mobile application projects. As one of the most-searched mobile app testing tools, Appium has long been the leading software in the mobile testing industry. Appium is a free, open-source mobile testing tool that supports a wide range of languages, test frameworks, and OS.
It offers various integrations with third-party tools, enabling cross-platform testing using the same API, and tests reusability between iOS, Android, and Windows.
Support all kinds of apps, making it among the most robust and flexible mobile testing tools.

3. TestComplete: TestComplete is an AI-integrated automated testing tool for UI tests in web, desktop, and mobile applications. Aside from some difficulties in updating test cases, this tool is flexible and easy-to-use with the options of both script and scriptless test generation.
For mobile app testing, TestComplete allows testing on both native and hybrid mobile apps on emulators, real devices or virtual machines.




CI Pipeline:
1. There are many parallel Dev Branches unter Main:
Dev Branch means it contains all the Modules 
                            Main
		Dev-Branch1       Dev-Branch2       Dev-Branch3   ....

2. There are many parallel E Branches unter each Dev-Branch
E Branch means it only (develops)changes one Module 
                           Dev-Branch
		E-Branch1         E-Branch2       E-Branch3   ....
		
3. There are many parallel T Branches unter each E-Branch
                           E-Branch
		T-Branch1         T-Branch2       T-Branch3   ....

T-Branch means test branch, it test only one module   ....
		
							

Task3:
Automation Testing, Artificial Intellegence for testing, Testing Speed and Quailty increases 



